# Welcome to Jacob Franzmeier's github!
Thank you for visiting my github page! Included in this repository are my completed data analysis projects. Below I have included a brief overview of each project. For more detail, simply open a project folder to browse the files.

- **Pokedex Analysis:** An exploratory analysis of data from the popular video game series *Pokemon*. In it, I determine the combat viability of certain Pokemon and find correlations between combat power and elemental type, game origin, height, weight, percentage male, and catch rate. This project showcases SQL querying and database management, data collection and cleaning with Pandas, and visualization of data with MatPlotLib and Seaborn.
- **Minnesota Clean Energy:** An exploratory analysis of energy sector data from the Energy Information Association to determine if Minnesota has achieved its goals for clean energy legislation and policy. This project showcases API querying of live data, as well as data visualization with Jupyter Notebooks, MatPlotLib, and Seaborn.
- **Educational Attainment at County Level:** A Power BI analysis of educational attainment data from the USDA and US Census to determine if rural counties had different graduation rates than urban counties. This project showcases advanced SQL querying, database management, and visualization with Power BI.
- **PGE Production Cost Model:** A production cost model for the Portland General Electric system of power plants to demonstrate cost modeling techniques. This project showcases Excel proficiency, statistical modeling, and report writing.
